# Potentially reduce the following lambda expressions. Comment on the reduction techniques used and the result obtained:

## 1. ((λx.(x y))(λz.z))

Breaking this expression down, we shall use beta reduction to replace the function x with the function z.

This will result in `((λx.(x y))(λz.z))` being reduced to `(λz. z y)`.

From there, we shall apply the aforementioned expression such that `(λz. z y) y` which will result in just `y`. This is because y is applied to z since it is not used anywhere else in the expression.

**Final Answer: ((λx.(x y))(λz.z)) => y**

## 2. (λg.((λf.((λx.(f (x x)))(λx.(f (x x))))) g))

Breaking this expression down, we shall use beta reduction to apply `g` to the innermost expression such that:

```
(λf.((λx.(f (x x)))(λx.(f (x x))))) g
```

From there, we can apply the remaining lambda expression to the function `f` such that:

```
((λx.(f (x x)))(λx.(f (x x))))
```

Take note that the above lambda expression features `(λx.(f (x x))` being applied to itself, which can create some confusion with further reductions. To avoid such confusion, we will be rewriting the variable to h so we can later use both f and g. Here is the rewritten expression: `((λh.(f (h h)))(λh.(f (h h))))`

From there, we apply further beta reduction and reapply f such that: `f ((λh.(f (h h)))(λh.(f (h h))))`

At last, we reapply g to get the finalized expression as:

```
(λg. f ((λh.(f (h h)))(λh.(f (h h)))))
```

**Final Answer:**

```
(λg.((λf.((λx.(f (x x)))(λx.(f (x x))))) g))
                reduces to
(λg. f ((λh.(f (h h)))(λh.(f (h h)))))
```

## 3. ((λx.(x x))(λx.(x x)))

This particular lambda expression involves applying an expression to itself which will lead to an infinite loop because it will effectively reduce into itself. This is shown in the line below:

```
((λx.(x x))(λx.(x x))) => (λx.(x x))(λx.(x x)) => (λx.(x x))(λx.(x x))
```

This lambda expression cannot be further reduced than it already is. The most that can be done is to remove the enclosing parentheses around both expressions.

**Final Answer: `((λx.(x x))(λx.(x x))) => (λx.(x x))(λx.(x x))`**
